# Design Meeting 2/2/21
Attendence: All members present

Speaker: Nhat

Note-taker: Dylan

Time/Place: 8pm-10pm over Zoom

### Completed Tasks
* Designated time for 2 live standups per week
* Wrote a description of the system usage
* Made design decisions on pipeline and pomo usage
* Assigned tasks to members toward completing the project pitch

## System Diagram Discussion
* Decided to write plain language description in new doc (then completed it)
* A team will later convert it to system diagram
* (ADR) Team decided that pomo length (25 mins) will be used for 1 task
* Decided that Han and Sam will do the diagram

## Pipeline Discussion
* (ADR) Team decided to use stylelint.io for linting and style checks
* (ADR) Team decided to use Jest for unit tests
* General style guide (comments, indentation, etc) also in the works

## Pitch Discussion
* Scheduled new meeting for 8:30pm Saturday to put together parts of pitch
* Decided that George and Peony will do the wireframes
* Had brief discussion of risks/rabbit holes -- complex drop down menus/reading from advanced settings page
* Had brief discussion on their resolutions -- cut non-core features or find simpler methods for similar functionality
* Everyone will try to interview one person on the pomo timer concept to gather info for personas

## Assignment Review
* 1 persona interview per person
* George + Peony will do wireframes
* Sam + Han + Nhat will do system diagram
* Yuke will do Discussion Session presentation
* George volunteered for exploratory programming on progress bar
* Uday will begin setting up linter for github
* Dylan will set up demos on github to post exploratory programming results