# Kickoff Meeting 1/18/2021
Attendance: Yuke, Han, Lufan, Nhat, Peony, Sam
Speaker: Peony  
Note-taker: Yuke
Agenda:  
* Check-in with subgroups
* Create backlog
* Decide on ADR format

Time/Place: 2/8/2021 6 pm to 6:30 pm

## Completed Tasks
* Check-in with two of the tree sub-groups
* Created a backlog using github projects
* Decided on ADR format

## sub-group checkin
* Progress bar subgroup: looked and studied the demo by Lufan and George, researching on how to do progress bar, planning on doing a mob programming
* Advanced setting subgroup: looked and studied the demo by Lufan. Took a bit of time because of group member inexperience with HTML and JS.
* Task lest subgroup:

## ADR format
* Any ADR that is decided in the meeting should be recorded by that meeting's note taker.

## Backlog
* Backlog will be recorded using Github project.
* Individual group should come up with what to put in the Todo and in pogress list.

## ITEMS FOR NEXT MEETING