# Sprint 1 Retrospective 2/15/21
**Time/Place:** 6:00 to 6:15 pm through Zoom <br/>
**Absent:** Lufan <br/>
**Speaker:** Yuke <br/>
**Note-taker:** Peony <br/>
***
**Retrospective presented by sub-group leads**
* Task List sub-group: <br/>
  * What worked well:
      - Having everyone do research on task list creation
      - Task list was not too difficult
  * What could be improved:
      - Communication could have been better
      - Hopes to have better task division since Dylan did most of the coding
* Progress Bar sub-group: <br/>
  * What worked well:
      - Easy to work in sub-groups
      - Having demo and figma to build off of
      - Communication in slack channel was good
      - Meeting times were productive
  * What coule be improved:
      - Asynchronous stand-up was a bit of a mess
      - Hard to complete a lot because of short sprint
          and because all team members were not well-versed in Javascript
* Settings sub-group: <br/>
  * What worked well:
      - Settings code was pretty straightforward so it was not difficult to implement it
      - Last week was a busy week so there was not enough time to code out all of the settings feature
      - Communication was not very good and could be improved
