# Sprint 1 Retrospective 2/27/21
**Time/Place:** 6:30 to 7 pm through Zoom <br/>
**Absent:** Hannah <br/>
**Speaker:** Uday <br/>
**Note-taker:** Lufan <br/>
***
**Retrospective presented by sub-group leads**
* Overall: <br/>
  
  What worked well:
  - Splitting into subteams
  - Mob programming sessions
  - Video was LEGIT
  - All MVP features are implemented
  
  What could be improved:
  - Rising concerns about branch and merge conflicts
  - Testing labs are somehow late and unit tests are not worked on

* Ideas:
  - Pomo counter for each tasks (Dylan)